0x01-variables_if_else_while/README.md, before:

# 0x01. C - Variables, if, else, while
1. 0-positive_or_negative.c </br>
_program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed_
---
2. 1-last_digit.c </br>
_program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed_
---
3. 2-print_alphabet.c </br>
_program that prints the alphabet in lowercase_
---
4. 3-print_alphabets.c </br>
_program that prints the alphabet in lowercase, and then in uppercase_
---
5. 4-print_alphabt.c </br>
_program that prints the alphabet in lowercase_
---
6. 5-print_numbers.c </br>
_program that prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0_ 
---
7. 6-print_numberz.c </br>
_program that prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0_
---
8. 7-print_tebahpla.c </br>
_program that prints the lowercase alphabet in reverse_
---
9. 8-print_base16.c </br>
_program that prints all the numbers of base 16 in lowercase_
---
10. 9-print_comb.c </br>
_program that prints all possible combinations of single-digit numbers_
---
11.

Commit message:

program that prints all possible different combinations of two digits

0x01-variables_if_else_while/README.md, after:

# 0x01. C - Variables, if, else, while
1. 0-positive_or_negative.c </br>
_program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed_
---
2. 1-last_digit.c </br>
_program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed_
---
3. 2-print_alphabet.c </br>
_program that prints the alphabet in lowercase_
---
4. 3-print_alphabets.c </br>
_program that prints the alphabet in lowercase, and then in uppercase_
---
5. 4-print_alphabt.c </br>
_program that prints the alphabet in lowercase_
---
6. 5-print_numbers.c </br>
_program that prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0_ 
---
7. 6-print_numberz.c </br>
_program that prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0_
---
8. 7-print_tebahpla.c </br>
_program that prints the lowercase alphabet in reverse_
---
9. 8-print_base16.c </br>
_program that prints all the numbers of base 16 in lowercase_
---
10. 9-print_comb.c </br>
_program that prints all possible combinations of single-digit numbers_
---
11. 100-print_comb3.c </br>
_program that prints all possible different combinations of two digits_
---
